Jane Sheppard
Udacity Frontend Nanodegree
Project 2 Resources

Hello,

I tried to make this interactive resume reflect my
sense of design while still conforming to the project
requirements.

I took the associated JavaScript and jQuery classes on Udacity,
and I completed the optional activities as well.

I used Piazza, HipChat, and Google+ group meetings to get
information, resolve questions, and learn new things.

I used MDN, CSS, StackOverflow, and Google searches to
find answers to questions, get info about specific features
(like in css, html, or js) or just learn about new things.

I played around with D3 and MooTools to add some data-driven
graphic features, but I felt that I was just adding a gimmicky
thing for no reason.  I included a picture of a word cloud
in my images folder on GitHub, if you would like a visual
example of what I mean. I used a D3 tool to create
the word cloud, and I was going to put it next to my
Online Classes under the heading of Self-study Topics and Interests,
but it feels like I'm just adding it for the sake of adding
it, so I'm going to figure out something better to add later.
I spent a lot of time on color palette websites looking at
sample palettes for web design and best practices.  (Here is
a very original interactive website I found online:
http://www.rleonardi.com/interactive-resume/.)

I have been tweaking and playing with this for too long, and I
need to move on to the next project.  I really like the
design aspect, and I have heard from others that the
next project is JavaScript oriented, so it's probably good
that I spent a lot of time playing with CSS for this one.

I was determined to put a nice navigation bar in place that would
not interfere with my headings and look nice, so I found a tool
to create icons (http://flaticons.net/).  I created icons for a
top nav bar and for the bottom for contact info in the
footer.  I did lots of research for the nav bar--hardest part was
getting it to display like a right float so it did not
overlay the headings.

I also attended Google+ office hours to get information
about the projects, expectations, and general information.
In one of the office hours, the instructors shared examples
of "exceeds expectation" projects, and stressed that
they were looking for more than just changing colors with
css.  I really wanted my projects to display like small
icons (three across), so I overlaid a bootstrap container over
the project section to create three columns.  That design
change required using only one image, so I hope it will not
create autograder problems since I changed my code from an array
of images to a single image per project.

I took the Git class, so I'm trying to get in the practice
of using GitHub more regularly.

I wanted a very clean and simple look for my resume to reflect
my design philosophy; I hope I achieved that.  Looking forward
to your thoughts!

Thanks,
Jane